That's scary.
Is this a ghost?
What happened?
Ha ha ha
If you want to live, quickly hand over the Truong Sinh Tuoc's cultivation method.
I can spare your life.
You die this heart.
I won't give it to you.
kill me
You think too simple.
I will slowly kill the people around you.
Have you forgotten that there are other survivors in Brown Village?
Aren't those two your soul mates?
Killing them doesn't hurt you?
You think too much.
I just use them.
Whether I die or not is none of my business.
That year, their sect also could not handle the relationship.
Is that really true?
If you don't believe it, do it.
I'm kidding you.
Still so excited?
Then hand over your immortality.
Release people.
Tell me, who do you want to save?
Impossible.
I will die with them.
If you want to save...
kneel down and beg me.
Are not!
Please release them all.
The sound is too low to hear.
I beg you to let them go.
What are you doing so big?
Do you think old Phuong is deaf?
I beg you to release them all.
You say it.
Is that my dog?
Yeah, so you bark two dog barks.
I will release you.
Don't you want to save their lives?